Get Paginated and Filtered products.

    Endpoint: /api/products
    Method: GET

Query Parameters for API Requests:

When interacting with the API, you can utilize the following query parameters to customize and filter the results according to your preferences.

    page: (Optional) Specifies the page number for paginated results. Default is 1. Example: ?page=2

    limit: (Optional) Sets the number of items per page. Default is a predefined limit. Example: ?limit=10

    sortBy: (Optional) Specifies the field by which the results should be sorted. Only applicable to the following fields: title, price, manufacturingDate, expireDate. Example: ?sortBy=manufacturingDate

    sortOrder: (Optional) Determines the sorting order, either 'asc' (ascending) or 'desc' (descending). Example: ?sortOrder=desc

    minPrice, maxPrice: (Optional) Filters results by a price range. Example: ?minPrice=20.00&maxPrice=50.00

    tags: (Optional) Filters results by the name of a specific tag. Example: ?tags=Programming

    manufacturingDate, expireDate: (Optional) Filters results by a date range. Example: ?manufacturingDate=2023-01-01&expireDate=2023-12-31


    level: (Optional) Filters results by the 
    difficulty level of the product. Example: ?level=new



Review Model:

    _id (Object ID): A distinctive identifier generated by MongoDB.
    productId (Object ID): A reference to the product collection.
    rating (Number): Rating, which falls within the range of 1 to 5.
    review (String): The comment or review text provided by the user.
    createdBy (Object ID): A reference to the user collection.



 Create a Review (Only the user can do this)**

    Endpoint: /api/reviews

    Method: POST

    Request Headers:

    Authorization: <USER_JWT_TOKEN>

Request Body:

{
    "productId": "67890fghij54321abcde",
    "rating": 4,
    "review": "Great product, very informative and well-structured."
}